y'all ready hi I'm Frankie the butcher
let me tell you what's for dinner we're
going to make a nice Italian classic
spaghetti and meatballs my favorite so
first what you want to do is you get
like a half an onion you throw it in the
pan I got some olive oil about 4-5
cloves of garlic and just a little bit
of regular not too much and we're going
to let that simmer get nice and hot and
brown or I'm going to use two jars of
sauce because we got a lot of meatballs
okay now just let that simmer next what
we're going to do is we want to start
out with some nice good chop me and I
got some nice ground chuck so what you
do is you get a nice big fixed mixing
bowl like that what I do is some nice
bread crumb so nice Reggiano parmesan oh
cheese throw that in there some nice
fresh parsley basil fresh basil buzzell
of all in Italians that's the most
important ingredient with this some
fresh garlic maybe about four or five
cloves cut up chopped nice fine and one
whole onion I get some old Italian bread
I put it in water you get it moist and
you squeeze it with your hands once
that's squeezed in it's a little chopped
up nice crushed black pepper next thing
you want to do is you want to put two
nice eggs okay so you got that all the
ingredients we're going to just mix it
up with the hands don't be afraid you
now once it's all mixed in there really
nice what you do is really simple and
you make it like the shape of a bull and
that's it and once you make all of these
then we're ready for the next step which
is we're going to fry them
some regular vegetable oil and then
we're going to throw some nice olive oil
mix it together know what you want to do
is you want to make sure that that gets
nice and hot before you throw your
meatballs in try not to put them close
to each other too close because you want
to let them breathe a little bit because
they expand as you cook them and that's
it just doesn't cook so what I do is I
use that spoon that I was closed during
some of the oil and I also put a napkin
in the bowl so we're going to do is
going to remove all the meatballs from
the pan I'm going to put them in here
don't mind my hands okay just ate we use
our hands what are we gonna do just
place them in here real nice we're just
going to throw some of the sauce over
there just to start to get some of that
flavor ok so just let that sit look at
that it's a nice meatballs with a little
tomato sauce meanwhile let me check the
spaghetti we're going to bring it right
over here we're going to throw it in
here you get just a little more sauce
get a couple of Meatballs put it in
their home a classic spaghetti and
meatballs by Frankie to butcher any age
any vanja